Add `PageHeader` Docs (#1402)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/page-header/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

> A simple invocation of the component requires a contextual `<PH.Title>` which yields it's content within an `<h1>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple invocation of the component requires a contextual `<PH.Title>` which yields its content within an `<h1>`.
```

```handlebars
<Hds::PageHeader as |PH|>
  <PH.Title>Page title</PH.Title>
</Hds::PageHeader>
```

### Contextual components

The Page Header uses a number of contextual components that either yield their content or render a specific Helios component.

!!! Info

> The layout of this component is reponsive and adjusts based on the width of it's bounding container. The examples captured here may not be indicative of how the component will render within a specific application or layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout of this component is responsive and adjusts based on the width of its bounding container. The examples captured here may not be indicative of how the component will render within a specific application or layout.
```
